README.md, before:

#

# React Boilerplate based on the [react-boilerplate-cra-template.](https://github.com/react-boilerplate/react-boilerplate-cra-template)

## How to use this boilerplate.

⚠️ Using [Yarn Package Manager](https://yarnpkg.com) is recommended over `npm`.

1. Clone the app.

```shell
git clone https://github.com/vilmarcabanero/my-react-boilerplate-ts.git my-app
```

2. Go the the app then install the packages.

```shell
cd my-app
yarn
```

3. Rename your package.json > "name" from my-react-boilerplate-ts to my-app.

## Features

1. > Uses Material UI, Redux Saga, Redux Toolkit.
2. > Has generators for child component, component, container, slice and function generator. Use `` yarn generate `` to start.
3. > Scalable code structure. 

## Commit message format
```shell
git commit -m "<JIRA_TICKET>: <COMMIT_MESSAGE>"
```
For example, 
```shell
git commit -m "CB-1: Fix the type of children props."
```

## Creating new branch format
Checkout from the dev branch, then create a new branch.
```shell
git checkout -b "<TYPE>/<JIRA_TICKET>/<BRANCH_NAME>"
```
Where TYPE would be feature or bugfix, and BRANCH_NAME would be a short-description-of-ticket
</br>
For example,
```shell
git checkout -b "feature/CB-1/login-feature"
```
## Contributors

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="left"><a href="https://github.com/vilmarcabanero">
    <!-- <img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/entropiya/image/upload/v1658159067/ns6937apslmxxp5jg5ma.jpg" width="80px;" style="border-radius: 50%;" alt=""/><br /><sub> -->
    <b>Vilmar Cabañero</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/react-boilerplate/react-boilerplate-cra-template/commits?author=Can-Sahin" title="Commits">💻</a>
    
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

Commit message:

CB-29: Modify Readme to include Virna as contributer.

README.md, after:

#

# React Boilerplate based on the [react-boilerplate-cra-template.](https://github.com/react-boilerplate/react-boilerplate-cra-template)

## How to use this boilerplate.

⚠️ Using [Yarn Package Manager](https://yarnpkg.com) is recommended over `npm`.

1. Clone the app.

```shell
git clone https://github.com/vilmarcabanero/my-react-boilerplate-ts.git my-app
```

2. Go the the app then install the packages.

```shell
cd my-app
yarn
```

3. Rename your package.json > "name" from my-react-boilerplate-ts to my-app.

## Features

1. > Uses Material UI, Redux Saga, Redux Toolkit.
2. > Has generators for child component, component, container, slice and function generator. Use `yarn generate` to start.
3. > Scalable code structure.

## Plop generator
To use the generator, run
```shell
yarn generate
```
# For contributors 
## Commit message format

```shell
git commit -m "<JIRA_TICKET>: <COMMIT_MESSAGE>"
```

For example,

```shell
git commit -m "CB-1: Fix the type of children props."
```

## Creating new branch format

Checkout from the dev branch, then create a new branch.

```shell
git checkout -b "<TYPE>/<JIRA_TICKET>/<BRANCH_NAME>"
```

Where TYPE would be feature or bugfix, and BRANCH_NAME would be a short-description-of-ticket
</br>
For example,

```shell
git checkout -b "feature/CB-1/login-feature"
```

## Contributors

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/vilmarcabanero">
    <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/76704827?v=4" width="80px;" style="border-radius: 50%;" alt=""/><br /><sub>
    <b>Vilmar Cabañero</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/vilmarcabanero/my-react-boilerplate-ts/commits?author=vilmarcabanero" title="Commits">💻</a>
    </td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/virnzlivara">
    <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/19485059?v=4" width="80px;" style="border-radius: 50%;" alt=""/><br /><sub>
    <b>Virna Cabaguing</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/vilmarcabanero/my-react-boilerplate-ts/commits?author=virnzlivara" title="Commits">💻</a>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->
